# museumStoreCafe
In Competency Exercises, you demonstrate your skill and ability to use the programming principles you've learned in the current and previous modules. You must complete this assignment by yourself, much like a module exam. You can ask instructors for clarification about the project -- you can not ask instructors or other students for help with logic or coding. If you are struggling with the project, you can look at previous assignments where you did similar work, and you can review the pertinent sections in the book.  These are the skills you practiced in this module and will now demonstrate:      Arrays     Array Lists     For-Each loops     Anonymous objects  Module 4 Competency Exercise: Museum Store Cafe  You have worked with the Museum in previous exercises. Here, you will work on inventory for the Museum Store Cafe. An inventory item has a name, category, price, and quantity. In the driver class, you will add items to the cafe inventory -- half will be instantiated and half will be anonymous. Display the entire menu using a For-Each loop. Ask the user what type of item they want to see. In the example below, the categories or types of items are entree, side, drink, and dessert. The user selects one category, and the program will print out any inventory item with that same category.  Here is an example:  M4 Comp  The first 4 items were instantiated and then added to the array list. The second 4 items were added to the array list using anonymous objects. Code these directly in the driver class, no user interaction needed.  You may choose the categories and items that are in the inventory. There must be at least 3 categories, and at least 8 items added to inventory. Make sure at least 4 are instantiated and then added, and at least 4 are anonymous objects. Do not load them in any kind of order, for example putting all of one category together.   Run the project and take a screenshot.      Remember the style rules that apply to all projects throughout this course. Even if not specifically mentioned in the assignments, you are responsible for the following:      Use descriptive names for all variables     Add comments describing the use or meaning of variables     Do NOT include literal values in any calculations, always use variables     Always include a header in the output with a descriptive title and your name     If asking for input, make sure the user types on the same line as the question     Where sample sessions are provided, output from your project must match it  Note that you must use correct formatting in the code -- appropriate indentation is most important. You can use Shift-Alt-F to have NetBeans automatically format the code correctly. If the formatting is incorrect, it will be returned to you for changes with a grade of zero.  Submission: screenshots and the root folder for the project
